hello youtubers this is Tyler in this
video I'm going to show you gaming on
the LG g3 and I'm connected here with
the Sony Playstation 3 a controller with
the cable over the OTG so let's get to
it and I'm going to play this game with
this controller three weeks ago the
world Liberation Army launched a cyber
attack on several ancient networks you
think I've been living under a rock
every world leaders here for the
emergency summit on cybersecurity but
what does this have to do with the
terrorist attack on Venice last month
the world Liberation Army's attack on
Venice was a cover
you gotta believe your signature is
right here Phoenix infiltration of
Venice commenced at 1300 hours the
mission report from Venice is fake
that's what I'm telling you
the whole goddamn thing was a lie
you
my job
that strikes him tracking activated come
on down there over so again start to out
contact take them out on your go move
any cover
so as you can see here I'm using the
controller to move around I can look up
look down I can go to the sides move
forward here and of course I can shoot
like this I can change the weapon here I
can put a person start to enter the
settings here I can reload but for some
reason I'm was not able to assume with
the the l2 somehow it doesn't react but
them I'm going to show you this game now
anyway hold up come on let's go Thanks
to extraction point be over you heard
him come on
Oh
okay
company 12 o'clock
let's get out of here we've got
I think we're
we're in the clear
you